here we have two steaks, they're t-bone steaks
of deer, this is an extension of the loin so
we had the rack earlier, in another segment,
and this is an extension so here we have on one
side making it a "T" or separating by a "T" is
the tenderloin and the loin so you can also
remove this completely and just have a loin or
a tenderloin thinking back to the beef segment
and the porterhouse steak or the t-bone steak
was three times the size looking at the color
and the marbling of this is very lean again
beautiful color suitable for high heat dry cooking
and any kind of game meat the flavor
profile I'm pairing really goes well
with dried fruits fresh fruits robust herbs
such as marjoram, sage, thyme, rosemary, savory
it also prepares well with sweet wine such as
port or any kind of fruit wines and again it it
the flavor profile of this really it's not super
gamey but if it does have a degree of gaminess
will be compensated or the the flavor profile
plays with the sweetness and the dried fruits
here we have two very different members of the
venison family a recall on the t-bone of deer
with the tenderloin and the loin attached and
over here is a top strip loin steak of elk you
can see the very different color in the meats and
also the density of the meat this one is much more
dense it's a bigger animal than the deer taking
a look at the fat it also doesn't give well to
it of course it's protecting it and keeping it
moisture and cooking but it's not very palatable
and if you do consume it it's it's not very tasty
like the deer elk is also well suited to stronger
flavors as mentioned before dried fruits and
robust herbs in addition to toasted warm spices
here is a steak from the top sirloin of
bison, bison is very similar in structure
both in its muscular and skeletal
structure to cattle and so this looks
doesn't really indicate how large the
animal is but it is from the top sirloin
the color is very different from
beef bison has been grass-fed
free range ideally where as mentioned in beef
week, beef are often fattened up with corn and soy